c:\users\ramos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CAD\CAD.Web\bin\CAD.Web.dll.config
c:\users\ramos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CAD\CAD.Web\bin\CAD.Web.dll
c:\users\ramos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CAD\CAD.Web\bin\CAD.Web.pdb
c:\users\ramos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CAD\CAD.Web\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\ramos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CAD\CAD.Web\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\users\ramos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CAD\CAD.Web\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\ramos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CAD\CAD.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\ramos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CAD\CAD.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\ramos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CAD\CAD.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ramos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CAD\CAD.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ramos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CAD\CAD.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\ramos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CAD\CAD.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\ramos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CAD\CAD.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\ramos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CAD\CAD.Web\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\ramos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CAD\CAD.Web\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\ramos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CAD\CAD.Web\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\ramos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CAD\CAD.Web\bin\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
c:\users\ramos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CAD\CAD.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\ramos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CAD\CAD.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ramos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CAD\CAD.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ramos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CAD\CAD.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\ramos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CAD\CAD.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\ramos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CAD\CAD.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\ramos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CAD\CAD.Web\obj\Debug\CAD.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ramos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CAD\CAD.Web\obj\Debug\CAD.Web.dll
c:\users\ramos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CAD\CAD.Web\obj\Debug\CAD.Web.pdb
C:\Users\ramos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CAD\CAD.Web\bin\Cad.Core.dll
C:\Users\ramos\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CAD\CAD.Web\bin\Cad.Core.pdb
